These are the first folding wall of the GDS.
Those are the wheels, trident, and then short-speed, and then the wager.
These are the permanent head objects of these four GDS.
They are powerful, and when they also use that, they are not going to waste that weapon.
It is like a boom or rain.
When you shoot that, it hits the target. In fact, it has to be intended, and do the job,
and it returns back safely in the hands of these GDS.
So those are the four legs of these head objects.
He thinks that the story in the Hindu teaching, the story of the GDS,
let's say that long time ago,
when the university is just a newly formed,
or just started newly began forming around that time,
around that time,
these all learning algorithms, these GDS,
gather together, and they don't have the right-hand objects.
And then, these, so then the whole thing in how to do,
we like to have something so special, but simple and special, good.
And then we couldn't figure out exactly.
Then there is one sage, Rishi.
Rishi is meditating for so many eons.
These all bones become as diamond or the wedge.
These bones are the only one indestructible that is existing in the universe.
We have all thought these rishis,
and we have these bones, from the matter of the weapons,
will be perfect. How we can do that?
We cannot kill or do anything. He is so powerful.
Nothing that we can do, and all we should not do.
But this rishi is so kind and so giving,
and he knows what we are thinking, what we will do, use this.
We will use this weapon only to stop the evil, the bad things in the world.
And therefore, then we should go and ask and tell truly what our intentions are.
So they all went to him and then asked,
"Can we use your bone as our thinking of plans or wishes?"
And then Rishi thought, and then finally he extracted.
Now he is so powerful, he is so indestructible, how he can be faster.
There is nothing that can do anything to him, except the cow, cow, holy cow.
So that cow, the cow did it, and the cow licked it to his body.
And during that long time, and then all the flesh was gone, and the skeleton left out.
So that Rishi gave up his life to have the hand of the offer to his body, to these devotees.
So from that bone, then Ener got vegira, and Shiva got trident,
and then Rishi got spirit, short spirit, and Narayana.
Narayana got, and then Prama got vegira.
And then at this hand of his, so far for us to say, that they are, they did all the different jobs.
This was negative evil.
So that is my story of this hand of his.
Yeah.